I believe that the start-up Simply has potential in becoming disruptive in its market. I also believe that Insurance is one of the main markets that will be disrupted in the next 5 years. This is because most traditional large insurance companies are not transparent, have high fees and often make it difficult for people to make claims. There is a lack of trust in the current South African insurance industry and social media scandales such as the ones recently at Old Multual and Momentum are not helping this (see here for more information https://citizen.co.za/news/south-africa/2038272/momentum-shamed-into-letting-nathan-ganas-family-keep-r50k-payout/ for more information). Additionally it often takes long to make claims, with long phone calls with customer services. Traditional insurance also still use traditional actuarial valuations for their policies, although there is now a massive shift in using intelligent human-centred design and including more extensive data-analytics and how we can make use of that data. Companies are also starting to realise that people value transparency. Another major issue with the current financial market is the jargon used by the companies. Many terms are not fully understood by their clients and it needs to be made simpler, cheaper and faster.
Simply is one of those companies challanging the traditional system. Their aim is "to be South Africa’s leading digital life insurer". They are a life insurance company based in South Africa and offer life, disability and funeral cover at an affordable price. To offer an almost-fully digitalized product, Simply use data-analytics, software development and digital marketing. They also the first company to offer group cover to medium size businesses, which can be taken out online. Normally this would involve a broker. 
One product that I was particularly interested in is that one can easily and affordibly take out a life policiy for your domestic worker. In South Africa domestic work is a massive market and those working in it are often the bread-winners of their families, being able to cover them fast and cheaply is a much needed addition to the life insurance market.

Unfortunately the industry is not as far ahead as I would have hoped, but I think a lot of change will come and I am excited to see it soon. 
